When we need to use many adjectives in one sentence, they should be placed in the following order: Opinion - Size - Age - Shape - Colour - Origin - Material. 'Beautiful' is an opinion adjective, 'large' is an adjective of size, 'round' - an adjective that determines shape.

We use article 'a/an' when we talk about jobs.



The:
We usually use the definite article before newspaper names.
We use 'the' before famous monuments, building, museums, etc.
We use the definite article to refer to a whole group of people.
We use 'the' with all kinds of nouns when we talk about definite and specific things. Here: we should use 'the' with geographical features (rivers, seas, oceans, canals, mountain ranges, groups of islands and etc.).
'The' is not used before names of countries, but there are some exceptions: the Netherlands, the Argentine, the Vatican City, the Sudan.
'The' is used before nouns which are unique.


Articles are not used before names of squares.
We do not use articles before numerals.



'Prepare' requires the Infinitive.
'Arrange' requires the Infinitive.
'Pretend' requires the Infinitive.



We should remember that some nouns are used with specific prepositions after them:
'reason for'.
'description of'.
'objection to'.
'rise in'.
'memory of'.

We should remember that some verbs are used with specific prepositions after them:
'smile at somebody'.

We should remember that some adjectives are used with specific prepositions after them:
'faithful to'.
'worthy of'.
'disappointed with'.
'accustomed to'.

When we take a negative decision we 'decide against' something.

When we invert the conditional sentence and omit 'if' we place 'should, were, had' in the first place: [should /were / had + subject + object] + [result clause]

It is correct to say 'rejoice at something'.
We say 'to make a speech'.

'Avoid' requires the Gerund. In this case the Gerund is used as the object of the verb.
'Practice' requires the Gerund. In this case the Gerund is used as the object of the verb.

'Discreet' - means 'careful and reserved'. 'discrete' means 'distinct'. 'exterior' and 'external' mean 'outer surface of something'



To show that one action happened before another one in the past we use two tenses: the Past Perfect for the action which took place at first and the Past Simple for the one which took place after.



We use 'be to' to express strong obligation in the future. This construction is very similar to the meaning of 'must'.



Some nouns are always plural: SCISSORS/GLASSES/TROUSERS/JEANS/SHORTS/TIGHTS/PYJAMAS/NEWS/BINOCULARS etc.
